I am a person who is super addicted to the 'definition' of everything. In other words, I cannot move on to the next page without understanding
definition of some concept. No exception. For example, when I was elementary school student, I stack to the meaning, necessity of sum, multiple, division. 
All of my friends just sumed, multiplied, devided numbers that they got, but I couldn't. Since I could not understand what is 
those tools, why I need to use those tools in my life. My mom explained me like that ; - it was just an assistance for some litte 
girl who did not even started her assignment - "You need to devide those 3 cookies with your 3 friends including you. That 
is the concept of division!" As time goes by, I slowly but perfectly understand the concepts I learned, and I realized that way of studying was fit for me and 
very effective and successful in a long term in my life. 

First chaper of my first post was long, like me.  (right, I need to explain why I am writing this post !! ) 

Hello, I am Soi Cho who studying Business Analytics in UT Dallas. I am studying R, Python, MySQL, and Tableau and I'm kinda skillful at SAP and Excel. 
But, the thing is this. 

I 
cannot 
100% 
understand 

Why 
I 
need 
to 
use 
those 
tools 
and 
How 
can I 
use 
those 
tools
!!!! 

I cannot be satisfied just with the fact that 
"Because I am skillful!"
"Because there are many job markets using those tools and you need to get a job to earn your living money!"


I know I know, but that is not enough.
I want to know 
"Why business analytics"
"How business analytics"
"Exactly which area in business analytics"

That's why I stared this blog. I want to post not only codes and skills I learned but explain not only to me but also to all of visitors to help to understand in depth.

I believe that this blog can lead me to find out perfect load in Business Analytics area and Business Analytics itself. 

Life is short. 
Let's enjoy our dailylife

My next posting is 
"What is cybersecurity?"
